being a football player at Arizona State
is no easy task and for starting safety
Eddie eldert the road to glory was
filled with plenty of ups and downs
growing up in Oakland California it
wasn't his six brothers or sisters that
sparked his interest in football it was
his neighborhood friends my closest
friends always always played football on
the street they lived across street from
us so I was I playing football cross
street then one day they paid me on by
warner and i've been playing on a since
2000 Eddie played both football and
baseball in high school but eventually
he would have to choose between the two
I just don't like passive sports I like
sports where you can go check out your
frustration on somebody or just a
physical sport he excelled and gain the
recognition of big Division one programs
as a playmaker but didn't like all the
attention it was nice having gary
campbell mike bellotti come your house
sharing things with you it's an
experience but at the same time is I'm
not a big fan of it Eddie signed with
organ but because of academic issues he
couldn't join the team instead he played
football at San Mateo junior college say
as soon as a as a great junior college
I'll recommend it to anybody to go there
and it prepared me to go to the next
level he kept his grades up off the
field on the field he was named 2009
defensive player of the year for
California junior colleges and again had
coaches knocking on his door I
appreciated more cuz it was a second
chance so a lot of people don't get
second chances if they do get second
chances they end up messing it up so it
was a blessing for me to have a second
chance I just took advantage of it
eventually he would choose a su but this
time he decided to make his schoolwork a
priority in a workplace you have to have
a bachelor's or higher so I'm just
trying to be the first to graduate
within my family I'm just trying to
better myself with all the talent of ASU
and he is often forgotten but likes to
let his games to speak for itself I have
everything approve because I'm a safety
by the same time playing with big names
like Montes it really don't get to me I
really enjoy playing with him because
he's one of the best linebackers in the
main
if not the best so how can you be
excited about that I'm just trying to
embrace everything and just ask the
reason why Eddie plays football is
simple I play this game because of my
family I got i love i love the game but
my family is really the whole reason why
I'm out here
I